The advice that I have for someone being bullied, it depends on how you
want to look at it. My advice that I did for myself was that I just
stayed in my own little world. Yeah I wasn't very sociable as a kid,
but something else that I did that actually changed it, I don't suggest
this but this is what happened for me, and it stopped me from
being bullied, was that I changed myself. I realized that after I put
in contacts and took off my glasses, and I start working out you
know, I was working out, I was on the track and field club so I ran
all the time and I could notice my muscles getting bigger, my chest
you know I could shake them. I had a six pack you know, I realized that
after I did that, all of the bullying stopped. I don't suggest that
because you should be whoever you want to be. I mean because I didn't
change myself like that to stop the bullying, I changed myself
because that's the person that I wanted to be, you know. I liked not
having glasses you know hurt my nose, I liked working out because
you know it made me more energetic, but whether you stay yourself or
whether you have a different personality or you know you change your
look or your feel, all that doesn't matter. The only thing that I
can suggest if you are getting bullied is to realize that you're somebody,
that you're gonna be somebody great later on in life if you,
if you apply yourself and to not let those words sink in.